I was wild it was woolly it was
unpredictable it was everything you
expect when you come to Vegas and put
big money on the line anything goes this
half step in the craziest a US Open ever
the 10th anniversary rocks energy drink
US Open Jason wagon here Jim Holly I
can't even believe it would have seen
tonight well you can hear from our
voices that were a little bit hoarse
from screaming because there was so many
different scenarios out there a lot of
different guys had a chance at that
hundred thousand dollars and i've been
coming to these ever since the first
year it happened when I saw huffman and
a lot of people of you know that would
they say though that was weird but you
never saw the top four guys going into
that main event into the start like that
and all four of them get mowed over like
bowling pins and they all I had to come
up and it made a lot of different
scenarios I think it the lights worked
against the 450s as we saw tonight Jake
Weimer comes away with that win on a
light spike and at one point we thought
his teammate Daniel Riordan mighty bent
over the pasta past Josh DeMuth and you
mentioned Josh Nemeth he finishes up
third overall in the points but Langston
and read tie and by the better position
of Langston he gets that hundred
thousand dollars well it was the classic
grant Langston way that you win it wild
bully and somehow he found a way to make
it happen you basically had read and
Langston racing each other for the
overall through traffic then they got up
to Andrew short and then all heck broke
loose yeah I see it I mean once once
read knew that he had to pass his
teammate he got by that and then he saw
the urgency and I got to get short and I
think at that point in my opinion he
could have maybe taken a breath and
waited a little bit because there was
still a lot of timing race to go around
and make a pass on Andrew short where
they didn't come together and but you
know even though they did come today
that's racing they get back up both
bikes are started and there's lengthy
and Reed goes down again how many times
in in Reed's crib you seen him go down
and get up and go ten more feet and go
down again never I've never seen it
happen no no he said it pretty clearly
he's probably crashed more times in
tonight's main event than he has in the
last three years total read almost never
goes down he dug his way all the way
back and in the end he and Langston were
tied on points Langston wins the
tiebreaker of course is the better
finish on the second night and just for
a little bit added drama
Tim berry yeah beegley or not may the
light sky win we have Langston and read
ty and then we have Tim ferry still hot
after that first turn he got right in
Chad Reed's face well like I said about
Chad Reed crashing in 10 feet and again
falling down I have never seen Timmy
ferry show that much emotion getting off
the motorcycle after 20 laps and having
20 laps to think about it he came off
and he got right into chad reed's face
and he wasn't having no part of it and
you know I can't win to Lana yeah it's
just boiling over now we know grant
Langston is for real in Supercross Chad
Reed certainly has to be happy with the
progress he made even though he didn't
get the trifecta or the hundred grand
for winning he was happy with his
performance Tim ferry i'll be back
Andrew short will throw James Stewart in
the mix it's going to be awesome we get
to Anaheim what a great show tonight Jim
yeah and not only got the past champions
race those guys were throwing elbows to
the semis the last chance races we saw a
lot of great action here more so than
I've seen in any other US Open that I've
been to yeah it was the 10th one I think
was the best one maybe it's a perfect 10
at this Rockstar Energy Drink US Open
we're glad you listened to our show on
the web we're glad you watch all the
video clips here on the website and keep
it tuned to Supercross online throughout
the offseason January fifth Anaheim one
ama supercross is back